Add GitOps/ArgoCD Configuration Script (#6)
redhat-ai-dev/ai-rhdh-installer: README.md

### Default Namespace

This installer is incompatible with `default` namespace installations, install and uninstall commands must include `--namespace <target-namespace>` or the context namespace must be changed, e.g. `oc project <target-namespace>`.

## GitOps/ArgoCD Configuration

As part of this section you will find information about the following configuration methods:

1. Configuring GitOps/ArgoCD with the configuration script after using our `ai-rhdh-installer`
2. Configuring GitOps/ArgoCD manually after using our `ai-rhdh-installer`
3. Configuring GitOps/ArgoCD with the configuration script for a pre-existing ArgoCD and RHDH instance
4. Configuring GitOps/ArgoCD manually for a pre-existing ArgoCD and RHDH instance

### Prerequisites
<!---
TODO: Once RHDH configuration is complete we should link a reference to it here.
-->

> - In order to allow the configuration to be completed you must first have a working RHDH instance (for example you are able to login and view developer hub).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In order to allow the configuration to be completed you must first have a working Red Hat Developer Hub instance (for example you are able to login and view Developer Hub).
```
small nit: if we haven't already, expand RHDH and capitalize

Reviewer: After the first expansion of Red Hat Developer Hub, we can use the acronym RHDH

Author: My latest commit expands RHDH to Red Hat Developer Hub and outlines the acronym before referencing RHDH throughout the docs

- [yq](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq/) version 4.0+.

> ### AI-RHDH-Installer: Script Configuration

Reviewer: Can we move these instructions to a new MD file and link it here on the main README?

The main README seems very lengthy now

Author: Moved the section for GitOps/ArgoCD config to it's own file and referenced it within `README.md`
